Add tutorial template (#229)
thegooddocsproject/templates: tutorial/template-tutorial.md

# Title

{Before using this template, read the accompanying [tutorial template guide](about-tutorial.md).}

## Overview

> In this tutorial, you'll learn how to {learning objective} using {product}. This tutorial is intended for {audience}. It assumes that you have basic knowledge of {concept 1}, {concept 2}, and {concept 3}. 

Reviewer: suggestion (nitpick): I'd err on presenting the three concepts as a bullet list, as per https://developers.google.com/tech-writing/one/lists-and-tables
(I've noticed that there are a number of places like this where I'd suggest lists. I'll let you make a call as to which way you go.)

Reviewer 2: +1 to this suggestion to put the sample concepts into a bulleted list.

> In this tutorial, you'll learn how to {learning objective} using {product}. This tutorial is intended for {audience}. It assumes that you have basic knowledge of {concept 1}, {concept 2}, and {concept 3}. 

Reviewer 2: **Food for thought (non-blocking):** FYI, I'm working on an initiative at my company where we used this format for objectives:

By the end of this tutorial you will learn more about...

- [Concept]
  - This knowledge will help you to do [task].
- [Concept]
  - This knowledge will help you to do [task].
- [Concept]
  - This knowledge will help you to do [task].

Reviewer: I'm tentitively in favor of this if used sparingly. I could see how this advice could be over-used and become a wall of text. It might be worth describing the trade-off of adding extra description vs value of concise.

> 

Reviewer: I suggest adding a sections explaining how to fill out:
* Document version
* Last updated
* Application version

Suggestions on text can be found at: https://github.com/thegooddocsproject/templates/blob/dev/base/base-guide.md#document-version

Reviewer 2: Again, I'm inclined to let metadata be handled at the tool level rather than added to the doc by hand. It gets difficult to maintain.

## Background 

> {Use this section to provide background information about the task users will complete. For example, if your tutorial is about a particular feature, you can describe it here. If your tutorial is project-based, you can describe the project users will complete. See the ["About the Background section"](about-tutorial.md#about-the-background-section) in the template guide for more information.}

Reviewer: Suggestion: I'd feel that the background section would be optional, and as such, we could start with "Optionally, ..."
Suggestion: I'd suggest that we should either reference the guide instructions for every section, or none. I'd err on none (as you have an over-arching comment above).
```suggestion
{Optionally use this section to provide background information about the task users will complete. For example, if your tutorial is about a particular feature, you can describe it here. If your tutorial is project-based, you can describe the project users will complete.}
```

## Before you begin 

> {Use this section to tell users about any steps they need to complete before they start the tutorial.}

Reviewer 2: **Suggestion (non-blocking):** "...to tell users about any steps they need to complete before they start the tutorials, such as installing and configuring software or setting up their environment."

Before you start the tutorial, complete the following steps:

* Prerequisite 1
* Prerequisite 2
* Prerequisite 3

## Part 1 - {Description}

> Feel free to use this section to summarize what users will complete in the following steps.

Reviewer: Suggestion: Add braces around writing instructions
```suggestion
{Feel free to use this section to summarize what users will complete in the following steps.}
```

Reviewer 2: **Additional suggestion (non-blocking):** "{Feel free to use this introductory sentence or paragraph to summarize what users will complete in the following steps.}"

> ### Step 1 - {Task name}

Reviewer: I believe it is best for all procedural docs to have unique sequentially increasing numbers:
Part 1
Step 1.1
Substep 1.1.1
Part 2
Step 2.1
Reason: When two people are discussing the steps (such as instructor and student), they can refer to the specific step they are up to.

{Provide background information for the task here. You might want to define any terminology here and provide any overview of this task's purpose.
Include any code samples, snippets, or screenshots that will help your user complete the task}.

> {If users should see a result after complete this step, make sure to include it.}

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
{If users should see a result after completing this step, make sure to include it.}
```

> 

Reviewer 2: **Comment (blocking):** I'm finding it hard to mentally picture how this tutorial is telling me to organize the tutorial content (in other words, how to break it up a complex task into smaller, disgestible steps). I'm not sure if it's because this tutorial could really benefit from an example where I can see it in action or if the way this content is presented could be clearer.

If it's about how the content is presented, it might help to deepen your discussion of how to divide things into steps in your accompanying about-tutorial document. Part of the challenge here is that some of the work of deciding how to organize a tutorial means doing some heavy pre-writing work, such as figuring out a tutorial that is the right size and scope and then figuring out how to break it down into its component parts. (Admittedly this is not an easy thing to teach someone how to do.)

But beyond the pre-writing work, it's also challenging to figure out what is the right scope for a tutorial project (one scope level) --> step (another scope level) --> substep (another scope level). Where do you break those scope levels down so that it is easy for a writer to make decisions about which step to do?

One more related question: Where would the simple numbered lists go? If I'm reading a tutorial, I usually expect to see a numbered list that gives me the specific directions for what to do. Would those go under both the step and sub-step?

Another related problem: Have we provided guidance about how to write a step? For example, it should be in the imperative voice?

#### Substep 1 - {Subtask name}

{Beware of asking your users to do too much in one step. If needed, break a step into one or two smaller substeps.}

> 

Reviewer 2: **Suggestion (formatting, non-blocking):** I feel like these tips make more sense in the about-tutorial document. Instead, I would put a numbered list here or something that tells me more about what kind of content they will plug into the template here.

In my mind, the about-document is where you give tips and tricks and the template itself can provide some sample "scripts" for how you might phrase things or what kind of content goes into that section of the document.

### Step 2 - {Task name}

> {Provide background information for the task here. You might want to define any terminology here and provide any overview of this task's purpose.

Reviewer: Suggestion: I'm mildly in favor of not repeating the second step. (Just have the heading, maybe with "..."
This comment applies to the following descriptions too.

Reviewer 2: I can see Cameron's point here. Maybe just put placeholder text there instead such as {Brief description of the step goes here.}

Include any code samples, snippets, or screenshots that will help your user complete the task}.

> {If users should see a result after complete this step, make sure to include it.}

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
{If users should see a result after completing this step, make sure to include it.}
```

Reviewer 3: Same for all the references

> {If users should see a result after completing this step, make sure to include it.}

Reviewer 2: **Suggestion (non-blocking):** Can you provide some guidance in your about-tutorial document about how to present results or explain more about why it helps tutorial users to see the expected result? In essence, it helps them to see if they did the tutorial correctly.

#### Substep 1 - {Subtask name}

{Beware of asking your users to do too much in one step. If needed, break a step into one or two smaller substeps.}

## Part 2 - {Description}

Feel free to use this section to summarize what users will complete in the following steps.

### Step 1 - {Task name}

{Provide background information for the task here. You might want to define any terminology here and provide any overview of this task's purpose.
Include any code samples, snippets, or screenshots that will help your user complete the task}.

> {If users should see a result after complete this step, make sure to include it.}

Reviewer 4: I think it would very useful to include some troubleshooting tips should the users encounter some errors in the step section.

#### Substep 1 - {Subtask name}

{Beware of asking your users to do too much in one step. If needed, break a step into one or two smaller substeps.}

### Step 2 - {Task name}

{Provide background information for the task here. You might want to define any terminology here and provide any overview of this task's purpose.
Include any code samples, snippets, or screenshots that will help your user complete the task}.

{If users should see a result after complete this step, make sure to include it.}

#### Substep 1 - {Subtask name}

{Beware of asking your users to do too much in one step. If needed, break a step into one or two smaller substeps.}

## Summary

> {Use this section to summarize tasks the users completed in the tutorial and to provide further reading and resources.}

Reviewer: Suggestion: I'm wondering about including "further reading" here. I get the feeling it fits better under "Next steps"?

Reviewer 2: **Response to Cameron's comment (non-blocking):** I think it can go in either section. It depends on the context. For example, if I want to point out an interesting take-away or mention something else they could do, I could possibly include the link there if it makes sense.
